---
layout: post
title: REVISED Assistant Professor of Linguistics
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/pexels-3861959_0.png
tags: [linguistics,UGA,jobs]
---

The Department of Linguistics at the University of Georgia invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor in Computational Linguistics or Psycholinguistics with an anticipated start date of August 1, 2025. Duties include teaching and mentoring students at both the undergraduate and graduate levels and the development of new courses (in-person and/or online) in the candidate’s areas of specialization. The teaching load is four courses per year. 

We seek a candidate with a documented record of research using computational, neuroimaging, or other experimental methods to engage with theoretical and methodological questions in linguistics (e.g., in linguistic theory, language processing, language acquisition, or the use of computational tools for the documentation and analysis of understudied languages). Special consideration will be given to candidates whose research program has the potential to establish new collaborations within the department and across disciplines within the university and to attract significant external funding.

To apply, please visit [https://www.ugajobsearch.com/postings/403895](https://www.ugajobsearch.com/postings/403895). You will be asked to submit the following: a cover letter; curriculum vitae; research statement (max. 1 page); teaching statement (max. 1 page); a representative writing sample; unofficial transcripts of graduate coursework; and the names and email addresses of three references. Reference providers will be sent an email through the UGAJobs system with instructions on how to submit their letters of recommendation. Questions related to this position may be directed to **Dr. Chad Howe**, Search Committee Chair, at **chowe_AT_uga.edu**. To assure full consideration, application materials should be received by **December 1, 2024**.

The Franklin College of Arts and Sciences, its many units, and the University of Georgia are committed to sustaining a work and learning environment that is inclusive. The University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ethnicity, age, genetic information, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or protected veteran status. Persons needing accommodations or assistance with the accessibility of materials related to this search are encouraged to contact Central HR (hrweb@uga.edu).

Since our founding in 1785, the University of Georgia has operated as Georgia’s oldest, most comprehensive, and most diversified institution of higher education ([https://www.uga.edu/](https://www.uga.edu/)). The proof is in our more than 235 years of academic and professional achievements and our continual commitment to higher education. UGA is currently ranked among the top 20 public universities in U.S. News & World Report. The University’s main campus is located in Athens, approximately 65 miles northeast of Atlanta, with extended campuses in Atlanta, Griffin, Gwinnett, and Tifton. UGA employs approximately 3,000 faculty and more than 7,700 full-time staff. The University’s enrollment exceeds 40,000 students including over 30,000 undergraduates and over 10,000 graduate and professional students. Academic programs reside in 18 schools and colleges, as well as a medical partnership with Augusta University housed on the UGA Health Sciences Campus in Athens.
